# Free Development Public License 1.0-US

Published by the [Freedom of Development Project](https://freedevproject.org).

*This "US variant" contains a [Choice of Law](#choice-of-law) section. If you
are not in the US and are not based in the US, you should choose the
international version of the Free Development Public License.*

## Purpose
This license gives everyone as much permission to work with this software as 
possible, while protecting contributors from liability and protecting the 
freedom of end users.

## Definitions
In this license, "software" also refers to any documentation or other resources 
provided with the software.

## Acceptance
In order to receive this license, you must agree to its rules. The rules of 
this license are both obligations under that agreement and conditions to your 
license. You must not do anything with this software that triggers a rule that 
you cannot or will not follow. If you do not agree, then you cannot use this 
software in any way.

## Copyright
Each contributor licenses you to do everything with this software that would 
otherwise infringe that contributor's copyright in it.

## Freedom
Neither this software nor any work that is combined with this software will be 
considered a technological protection measure under the WIPO Copyright Treaty, 
DMCA, or any similar law. Reverse engineering of this software and of any work 
that is combined with this software is always allowed.

## Notices
You must ensure that everyone who gets a copy of any part of this software from 
you, with or without changes, also gets the text of this license.

## Excuse
If anyone notifies you in writing that you have not complied with 
[Notices](#notices), you can keep your license by taking all practical steps to 
comply within 30 days after the notice. If you do not do so, your license ends 
immediately.

## Patent
Each contributor licenses you to do everything with this software that would
otherwise infringe any patent claims they can license or become able to license.
In return, you license each contributor and anyone else who has accepted this
license to do everything with this software that would otherwise infringe any
patent claims you can license or become able to license.

## Reliability
No contributor can revoke this license.

## Alternatives
You can also use this software under the terms of the GNU GPL 3.0, GNU AGPL 
3.0, or any later version of those licenses. If you do, [No Harm](#no-harm) and 
[No Liability](#no-liability) still apply.

## Revisions
The Freedom of Development Project may publish revised or new versions of the
Free Development Public License. Those new versions will be similar in spirit
to this license, and they will never impose new obligations on any
contributors.

Unless a contributor specifies otherwise, you have the option of following the
terms of any later version of this license. Your choice to follow a later
version of the license will not impose additional obligations on any
contributor. Even if you do, [Choice of Law](#choice-of-law) still applies.

## Choice of Law
The rules of this license will be governed by the law of the United States of 
America, without regard to conflict of law principles. The English version of 
this license is the original version, and only the English version of this 
license will be executed.

## Survival
The provisions of [Choice of Law](#choice-of-law), [No Harm](#no-harm), and [No 
Liability](#no-liability) survive the end of your license.

## No Harm
You agree that no contributor's conduct in the creation of this software has 
caused you any harm. As far as the law allows, you give up your right to pursue 
any kind of legal claim against any contributor for actions related the 
creation of this software, even if those actions broke a previous agreement.

## No Liability
***As far as the law allows, this software comes as is, without any warranty or 
condition, and no contributor will be liable to anyone for any damages related 
to this software or this license, under any kind of legal claim.***
